.TH FAST-VM-REPO 8 "fast-vm-repo 0.1 (2022-02-04)" "fast-vm-repo" "fast-vm-repo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.SH NAME
fast-vm-repo \(em script for listing and retrieving fast-vm images from repositories
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fast-vm-repo
.RB <action>
.RB <options>

.B fast-vm-repo
.BR repolist
.RB "[ <" refresh | short "> ]"

.B fast-vm-repo
.BR list
.RI "[ " RepoId
.RB " [ " short " ] ]"

.B fast-vm-repo
.BR info
.IR RepoId
.IR ImageName

.B fast-vm-repo
.BR import
.IR RepoId
.IR ImageName
.RB "[ <" xz | zst "> ]"

.SH DESCRIPTION
To provide more convenient way for importing fast-vm images the fast-vm-repo script provides interfaces that can parse fast-vm image repository XMLs containing all needed information for importing images. Before the fast-vm-repo can be used to list/import images it needs to download repository XML into cache using the 'fast-vm-repo repolist refresh' action. After this the cached XMLs of defined repositories are stored in '/tmp/fast-vm-repo/' directory and are used for further actions.

The repositories can be hosted on local file system or remotely over http/https. Path/Link to repository XML is stored within '.repo' file in /etc/fast-vm.repos.d/ directory. Only one XML per '.repo' file is permitted. Syntax of repository XML file can be found in '/usr/share/doc/fast-vm-repo/repository-sample.xml'.

.SH EXAMPLES

Download repository metadata/Refresh repository cache.
.sp
.BI "fast-vm-repo " "repolist refresh"

List repositories with details.
.sp
.BI "fast-vm-repo " "repolist"

List all available images.
.sp
.BI "fast-vm-repo " "list"

.RB "Get information about image " "centos-8.5" " from repository " "centos" .
.sp
.BI "fast-vm-repo " "info " "centos centos-8.5"

.RB "Import image " "centos-8.5" " from repository " "centos" " into fast-vm."
.sp
.BI "fast-vm-repo " "import " "centos centos-8.5"

.SH EXIT CODES
In case of error the fast-vm-repo will return non-zero exit code.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR fast-vm (8),
.BR fast-vm-image (8)
